Feature/doctest (#28)
AitoDotAI/aito-python-tools: docs/source/sdk.rst

Aito SDK
==============

The Aito SDK consists of:
  - :py:mod:`~aito.schema`: Data structure for the Aito Database Schema
  - :py:mod:`~aito.client`: A versatile client that helps you to interact with the Aito Database Instance
  - :py:class:`~aito.utils.data_frame_handler.DataFrameHandler`: Utility to read, write, and convert a Pandas DataFrame in accordance to a Aito Table Schema

> We highly recommend you to take a look at the :ref:`quickstart guide to upload data <sdkQuickstartUpload>` if you haven't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We highly recommend you to take a look at the :ref:`quickstart guide to uploading data <sdkQuickstartUpload>` if you haven't already.
```

Reviewer: Should this sentence be in a note?

  - :py:mod:`~aito.client`: A versatile client that helps you to interact with the Aito Database Instance
  - :py:class:`~aito.utils.data_frame_handler.DataFrameHandler`: Utility to read, write, and convert a Pandas DataFrame in accordance to a Aito Table Schema

.. note::

>   We highly recommend you to take a look at the :ref:`quickstart guide to uploading data <sdkQuickstartUpload>` if you haven't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We highly recommend you to take a look at the :ref:`quickstart guide to uploading data <sdkQuickstartUpload>` if you haven't already.
```
